This year too, most toppers, including AIR 2, have opted for computer science.
An 18-year-old student raised by a single mother and orphaned two years ago after her death, scored an AIR of 270.
Courses in NITs, IIITs and CFTIs participating through Central Seat Allocation Board will be based on All India Rank (AIR).
Despite all these difficulties, Champa Ram worked hard and passed the entrance exam, scoring AIR 11,036 and Category Rank 2180, this year.
Want to Crack the UPSC CSE Without Coaching? AIR 81 IAS Officer Shares How.
He secured AIR 14 (All India Ranking) in the merit list of candidates to secure admission to OTA, Chennai, for Course Serial SSC (NT) – 110. 
Akanksha Singh, a student of Aakash Institute’s Gorakhpur branch, secured All India Rank (AIR) 2, in the NEET 2020 exam. 
AIIMS grants admission to NEET AIR 66 after BJP MP writes to Health Minister.
Only the top 2,50,000 All India Rank (AIR) holders will be eligible to appear for JEE Advanced examination.
The atmosphere of Earth is the layer of gases, commonly known as air, retained by Earth's gravity, surrounding the planet Earth and forming its planetary atmosphere.
Air pollution causes various problems including smog, acid rain and global warming. It can damage people's health and the environment.
While some businesses are reopening to the public, the persistent spread of COVID-19 is challenging people to think about keeping their homes cleaner — one of the ways to do so being an air purifier. 
The lighter air rises and cools due to its expansion in the lower pressure at higher altitudes. It stops rising when it has cooled to the same temperature as the surrounding air. 
We can hear the sound of speech or cry or noise etc. only in the presence of air.
When particles in the air combine with ozone, they create smog. Smog is a type of air pollution that looks like smoky fog and makes it difficult to see.
If you’re someone who lives in a metropolitan city with high AQI, you know that pure air is a luxury.
A warm welcome to 'World News: an Indian perspective', on All India Radio (AIR)
The parent body of state-owned broadcasters Doordarshan (DD) and All India Radio (AIR), has issued yet another order barring officials from interacting with the media without its permission, stating that lapses to this effect have been viewed “very seriously.
All India Radio (AIR), officially known since 1957 as Akashvani ("Voice from the Sky"), is the national public radio broadcaster of India and is a division of Prasar Bharati.
All India Radio(AIR) is the largest radio network in the world, and one of the largest broadcasting organisations in the world in terms of the number of languages broadcast and the spectrum of socio-economic and cultural diversity it serves.
AIR broadcasts various national and regional stations available to listen on DD Free Dish.
The same day, however, previously unreleased audio will air with the scientist purportedly questioning the utility of negotiations with the United States.
Where disagreements occurred amongst team members, these will air at research and steering group meetings and were used to further direct the line of enquiry.
A senior member of Air India Express’s cabin crew was on duty despite the airlines being aware that she tested positive for Covid-19 around 50 minutes before the employee’s flight, it has been found.
As an Officer, a warrior, in the Air Force, you’re tasked with upholding the constitution and protecting the freedom of India. 
Air forces are not just composed of pilots, but also rely on a significant amount of support from other personnel to operate.
Air Canada is the flag carrier and the largest airline of Canada by fleet size and passengers carried. It is headquartered in the city of Montreal, Quebec.
Air Asia was established in 1993 and began operations on 18 November 1996. It was founded by a government-owned conglomerate, DRB-HICOM.
During 2007, passengers from "The Barrier-Free Environment and Accessible Transport Group" protested against the airline over its refusal to fly passengers who were completely immobile.
Even though normal schedules were disrupted due to COVID-19 pandemic, expats could fly to their respective destinations through repatriation flights operated by the government or charter airplanes hired by private companies and social service agencies. 
Spot air fares on Delhi-Chandigarh route have shot up, with the farmers protest blocking out the northern Singhu border on the highway that connects the two cities.